Initial JDBC Implementation (#84)
Vantiq/vantiq-extension-sources: jdbcSource/README.md

# Overview

The following documentation outlines how to incorporate a JDBC Source as part of your project. This allows a user to 
construct applications that interact with a SQL Database, and supports almost all standard SQL Commands. These interactions 
include the ability to run queries against the aforementioned SQL Database, periodically poll the database, and use all of the 
returned data in the given project.

In order to incorporate this Extension Source, you will need to set up your local machine with a JDBC Driver that can connect 
to your SQL Database. Once you have done this, you will need to create the Source in the VANTIQ Modelo IDE. The documentation 
has been split into two parts, [Setting Up Your Machine](#machine) and [Setting Up Your VANTIQ Modelo IDE](#vantiq).

# Prerequisites <a name="pre" id="pre"></a>

**IMPORTANT:** Read the [Testing](#testing) section before building this project.

> An understanding of the VANTIQ Extension Source SDK is assumed. Please read the Extension Source README.md for more 

Reviewer: would be good to make the README.md be a link to the readme (like the link in the next line)

information.

The user must [define the JDBC Source implementation](https://github.com/Vantiq/vantiq-extension-sources/blob/master/README.md#-defining-a-typeimplementation) in the VANTIQ Modelo IDE. For an example of the definition, 

> please see the *jbdcImpl.json* file located in the *src/test/resources* directory.

Reviewer: this JSON file could also be made a link, I think

    to "false" will allow the data to be processed as a stream of rows, instead of an array containing all the rows.

### Options Available for jdbcConfig
*   **username**: Required. This is the username that will be used to connect to the SQL Database.
*   **password**: Required. This is the password that will be used to connect to the SQL Database.
*   **dbURL**: Required. This is the URL corresponding to the SQL Database that you will connect to.
*   **pollRate**: Optional. If specified, you must specify the pollQuery as well. This option allows you to specify a polling 
    rate indicating the frequency (in milliseconds) at which the pollQuery will be executed. The value must be a positive
    number greater than 0, (*i.e.* 3000 --> executing every 3 seconds).
*   **pollQuery**: Optional. If specified, you must specify the pollRate as well. This option indicates the SQL Query that
    will be executed by the JDBC Source, (frequency assigned by the pollRate). The SQL Query must be a **SELECT** statement,
    and the returned data will be sent as a Notification to the source. The data can be captured by creating a Rule in the

>     VANTIQ Modelo IDE, as per the following example:

Reviewer: "as per" sounds odd here.  Maybe just "as in" ?

```suggestion
    VANTIQ Modelo IDE, as in the following example:
```

    // This parameter must be named 'query'.
    query: "SELECT id, first, last, age FROM Test" 

    {
        // Iterating over each row of data in 'results'
        FOR (row in results) {
            // Creating a map of each row, used to INSERT into our type
    	    var resultData = {}
    	    resultData.id = row.id
    	    resultData.age = row.age
    	    resultData.first = row.first
    	    resultData.last = row.last
            
	    // Inserting the map into our JDBCType
    	    INSERT JDBCType(resultData)
        }
    }
} catch (error) {
    // Catching any errors and throwing the exception.
    exception(error.code, error.message)
}
```

## Publish Statements

Another method to interact with the JDBC Source is to use VAIL to publish to the source. To do this, you will need to
specify the SQL Query you wish to execute against your database as part of the Publish Parameters. The SQL Queries used here 
can be **CREATE**, **INSERT**, **DELETE**, **DROP**, or other commands supported by your SQL database. The following is an 
example of a Procedure created in VANTIQ Modelo publishing to a JDBC source.

> 

Reviewer: an example of an INSERT would be good here.
For example, can you pass an object to the INSERT with the values to be inserted?
Or do you have to create a query string with the full INSERT text??

```
PROCEDURE createTable()

try {
    // The SQL Statement that the JDBC Source will execute
    var sqlQuery = "create table Test(id int not null, age int not null, first varchar (255), last varchar (255));"
    
    // Normal PUBLISH Statement in VAIL, passing the 'sqlQuery' as a parameter in the 
    // 'query' field. The field must be named 'query'.
    PUBLISH {"query":sqlQuery} to SOURCE JDBC1
} catch (error) {
    // Catching any errors and throwing the exception.
    exception(error.code, error.message)
}
```

## Error Messages

> Query errors originating from the source will always have the code be the FQCN with a small descriptor attached, and

Reviewer: may need to spell out FQCN here
```suggestion
Query errors originating from the source will always have the code be the fully-qualified class name with a small descriptor attached, and
```
